a Washington State Patrol drug dog is
sure gained a lot of attention folks who
listen to police scanners can't help but
hear when he's out at work kxly-four's
kareena chagrin introduces us to pickles
whose bark is worse than his bite well
this is pickles pickles is a
seven-year-old lab mix he's actually a
drug dog you'd never know it that you
know he is the nicest dog the sweetest
dog however his bark sure is loud and it
has caught several people's attention
imagine listening to this all day for
somebody that rides in my car he is it's
an eye-opener and there is no escape
really to me he's been doing it for so
long that I don't hear it pickles has
been trooper Nick Gerard's
crime-fighting partner for the last
several years when we're in the car if I
turn the lights on I accelerate hard
after a car pull out after a car siren
anything that's a stimulus for the dog
he'll continue just to bark and bark and
bark and whine about his constant bark
has people constantly calling the
washington state patrol heard by people
pulled over sort by people driving by
and when trooper Girard uses his two-way
radio his bark is overheard by people
listening to police scanners our
dispatchers they here at the other
people that I work with when I key the
mic up they hear it Gerard says there
has been so much noise about pickles
bark he just wants to set the record
straight pickles isn't attacking anyone
he's not hurt himself he just loves to
work the people here that they should
know that we're all working and actually
stopping cars his main job though
sniffing out drugs couple pounds of
cocaine
40 50 pounds of marijuana and while you
think a stash of marijuana would cause
pickles to bark even louder think again
you'll either sit or lay down it's the
quiet more softer side to pickles which
Gerard gets to see often and while
others don't Gerard says that's okay and
believes pickles bark oh actually keep
some out of the doghouse everybody just
pretty much assumes that that you know
it's it's an attack dog you know and if
they want to thank that and it's it's
gonna you know it's going to do
something and keep them in line than
great and pickles has been working here
for the Washington State Patrol for the
last five years he's got another two to
three years before they will eventually
retire him at Washington State Patrol
karina shay grant KXLY 4